---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "userclouds_access_policy Resource - terraform-provider-userclouds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Tokenizer access policy. For more details, refer to the access policy documentation https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/token-access-policies.
---

# userclouds_access_policy (Resource)

Manages a Tokenizer access policy. For more details, refer to the [access policy documentation](https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/token-access-policies).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `policy_type` (String) Valid values: `composite_and`, `composite_or`

### Optional

- `components` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--components))
- `description` (String)
- `is_autogenerated` (Boolean) Whether this policy is autogenerated from an accessor or mutator.
- `required_context` (Map of String) What context is required for this policy to be executed
- `tag_ids` (List of String)
- `thresholds` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--thresholds))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `version` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `components`

Optional:

- `policy` (String)
- `template` (String)
- `template_parameters` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `thresholds`

Optional:

- `announce_max_execution_failure` (Boolean) If true, we return '429 Too Many Requests' if max_executions is exceeded for the past max_execution_duration_seconds seconds.
- `announce_max_result_failure` (Boolean) If true, we return '400 Bad Request' if the action would involve more than max_results_per_execution results.
- `max_execution_duration_seconds` (Number) Specifies the duration in seconds over which we limit the max executions. If max_executions is non-zero, this value must be between 5 and 60, inclusive.
- `max_executions` (Number) If non-zero, specifies the maximum number of executions for the past max_execution_duration_seconds seconds.
- `max_results_per_execution` (Number) If non-zero, specifies the max number of results that an action can involve.
