---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "userclouds_userstore_column_data_type Resource - terraform-provider-userclouds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a User Store column data type. For more details, refer to the User Store documentation https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/introduction.
---

# userclouds_userstore_column_data_type (Resource)

Manages a User Store column data type. For more details, refer to the [User Store documentation](https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/introduction).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `composite_attributes` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--composite_attributes))
- `is_composite_field_type` (Boolean) Whether the data type can be used for a composite field.
- `is_native` (Boolean) Whether this is a native non-editable data type.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--composite_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `composite_attributes`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) The set of fields associated with a composite data type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--composite_attributes--fields))
- `include_id` (Boolean) Whether the composite data type must include an id field.

<a id="nestedatt--composite_attributes--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `composite_attributes.fields`

Required:

- `data_type` (String)
- `name` (String) Each part of name must be capitalized or all-caps, separated by underscores. Names may contain alphanumeric characters, and the first part must start with a letter, while other parts may start with a number. (ex. ID_Field_1)

Optional:

- `camel_case_name` (String) Read-only camel-case version of field name, with underscores stripped out. (ex. IDField1)
- `ignore_for_uniqueness` (Boolean) If true, field value will be ignored when comparing two composite values for a uniqueness check.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether a value must be specified for the field.
- `struct_name` (String) Read-only snake-case version of field name, with all letters lowercase. (ex. id_field_1)
