---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "userclouds_userstore_column Resource - terraform-provider-userclouds"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a User Store column. For more details, refer to the User Store documentation https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/introduction.
---

# userclouds_userstore_column (Resource)

Manages a User Store column. For more details, refer to the [User Store documentation](https://docs.userclouds.com/docs/introduction).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "userclouds_userstore_column" "example" {
  name       = "example_column"
  data_type  = "string"
  is_array   = false
  index_type = "none"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_type` (String)
- `index_type` (String) Valid values: `indexed`, `none`, `unique`
- `is_array` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `access_policy` (String)
- `constraints` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--constraints))
- `default_token_access_policy` (String)
- `default_transformer` (String)
- `default_value` (String)
- `search_indexed` (Boolean)
- `table` (String)
- `type` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `constraints`

Optional:

- `fields` (Attributes List) The set of fields associated with a column of type composite. Fields cannot be specified if the column type is not composite. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--constraints--fields))
- `immutable_required` (Boolean) Can be enabled when unique_id_required is enabled. If true, values for the associated column cannot be modified, but can be added or removed.
- `partial_updates` (Boolean) Can be enabled for array columns that have UniqueRequired or UniqueIDRequired enabled. When enabled, a mutation request will update the specified subset of values for the associated column.
- `unique_id_required` (Boolean) Can be enabled for column type composite or address. If true, each value for the associated column must have a unique string ID, which can either be provided or generated by backend.
- `unique_required` (Boolean) If true, each value for the associated column must be unique for the user. This is primarily useful for array columns.

<a id="nestedatt--constraints--fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `constraints.fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Each part of name must be capitalized or all-caps, separated by underscores. Names may contain alphanumeric characters, and the first part must start with a letter, while other parts may start with a number. (ex. ID_Field_1)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `camel_case_name` (String) Read-only camel-case version of field name, with underscores stripped out. (ex. IDField1)
- `ignore_for_uniqueness` (Boolean) If true, field value will be ignored when comparing two composite value for a uniqueness check.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether a value must be specified for the field.
- `struct_name` (String) Read-only snake-case version of field name, with all letters lowercase. (ex. id_field_1)
